Create issue request template for issue #362 (#373)
publiclab/infragram: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/--feature-request.md

---
name: "\U0001F9E8 Feature request"
about: Suggest an idea for this project
title: ''
labels: feature
assignees: ''

---

<!-- Please fill out as much of the template as you can -->

<!-- Start below this comment. -->

**Please describe the desired behavior.**
Describe the solution you'd like.

**Additional context (optional)**
Feel free to include any applicable: code, screenshots, or gifs.

<!-- End. -->

<!--

> Thank you! Your help makes Public Lab better. We *deeply* appreciate you helping refine and improve plots2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Thank you! Your help makes Infragram better. We *deeply* appreciate you helping refine and improve the site.
```

Reviewer: Hi @lucky-chap, can you accept these suggestions? Thanks!!
